 
1-5   players,   ages   12+,   90-120   minutes  
Summary  
Since   the   day   you   arrived   on   Europa,   you’ve   been   awaiting   the   tell-tale   tremors   that  
precede   the   formation   of   a   new    linea ,   or   break   in   the   moon’s   icy   surface.   Now   that   day  
has   finally   come,   and   the   mineral-laden   ocean   is   exposed   to   the   elements   for   just   a   few  
days.   You   and   the   other   colonists   will   compete   to   extract   the   moon’s   natural   resources,  
excavate   mineral   deposits   along   the   ocean   floor,   and   launch   rockets   to   ship   those  
extracted   minerals   back   to   Earth   before   the   surface   refreezes.  
Components  
●18”   x   18”   bifold   board   with   an   optional   acrylic   overlay  
●25   resource   cubes   in   each   of   5   colors   (silica,   sulfur,   salt,   iron,   hydrocarbon)  
●5   mineral   deposit   tiles   (double-sided)  
●5   player   boards  
●Wooden   player   pieces   in   5   colors:  
○8   worker   tokens   (octagons)  
○1   victory   point   token   (star)  
○1   electricity   token   (lighting   bolt)  
○1   surface   vessel   token   (container   ship)  
●6   white   submersible   tokens   labelled   with   letters   A–F  
●11   acrylic   water   tokens,   4   acrylic   lock   tokens,   and   1   acrylic   Jupiter   token  
●35   money   tokens   (20   x   $1,   10   x   $5,   5   x   $10)  
●10   mini   Rocket   cards  
●10   mini   Technology   cards  
●10   mini   Colony   cards  
●a   starting   player   marker  
   
1  
Overview  
The   main   gameboard   depicts   a   cross-section   of   the   moon   Europa,  
which   is   covered   by   an   ocean   of   liquid   water   under   a   frozen  
crust.   Near   the   bottom   of   the   board   there   are   a   series   of   mineral  
deposit   tiles,   which   serve   as   a   source   of   mineral   cubes   during   the  
game.   The   ocean   contains   squares   that   will   fill   up   with   mineral  
cubes   over   the   course   of   the   game.   Near   the   surface   of   the   ocean  
there   are   movable   water   tiles   which   can   also   contain   and  
transport   mineral   cubes.  
 
In   this   game,   water   tiles   always   flow   from   left   to   right.   There   are  
4    locks    distributed   horizontally   which   can   be   opened   or   closed   to  
allow   or   restrict   the   flow   of   water.   The   top   left   of   the   ocean   is   a  
source   where   new   water   tiles   flow   in   to   fill   in   any   empty   spaces,  
and   water   tiles   flow   out   through   the   lower   right   of   the   ocean.  
 
Each   of   you   has   a   small   player   board   that   represents   the   interior   of   your   surface   vessels.  
The   location   of   your   vessel   on   the   main   board   is   indicated   by   your   vessel   token.   Surface  
vessels   always   move   left   or   right   across   the   surface   of   the   water   but   can   only   move  
between   adjacent   spaces   when   the   surface   of   the   water   is   at   the   same   level.   For   this  
reason,   opening   and   closing   locks   to   manipulate   the   water   level   is   necessary   to   navigate  
your   vessel   from   one   side   of   the   board   to   the   other.  
 
There   are   6   shared   submersible   vehicles   which   can   be   moved  
around   under   the   surface   of   the   water   and   which   can   pick-up  
and   carry   around   mineral   cubes.   Submersibles   at   the   bottom  
of   the   ocean   can   excavate   mineral   deposits,   which   advance  
you   on   one   of   the   excavation   tracks.   Submersibles   at   the  
surface   of   the   ocean   can   dock   with   a   surface   vessel   to   unload  
their   mineral   cubes.  
 
There   are   rockets   along   the   surface   of   the   ocean   that   must   be   filled   up   with   specific  
resource   cubes.   Loading   resource   cubes   into   rockets   earns   victory   points,   and   being   the  
one   to   complete   a   rocket   provides   a   technology   upgrade   for   future   turns.    Launching  
rockets   also   reveals   buildings   as   the   colony   begins   to   take   shape.    These   buildings   allow  
additional   actions   or   benefits   to   the   players   who   visit   them.  
 
The   game   lasts   7   rounds   as   Jupiter   moves   across   the   surface   of   the   sky,   or   until   all   8  
rockets   have   launched.  
 
Image   Credit:   NASA/JPL-Caltech  
2  

Setup  
First   decide   if   you’re   playing   the   Starter   Game.    If   so,   you   can   leave   the   colony   cards   in  
the   box   and   skip   any   rules   that   refer   to   colony   cards.  
 
Board   setup  
1.Locate   the   acrylic   water  
and   lock   tokens.   Place   lock  
tokens   in   the   2nd   and   4th  
slot.   Place   water   tokens   in  
all   empty   water   slots   to   the  
left   of   a   lock   token,   as  
indicated.   Place   the  
remaining   water   and   lock  
tokens   in   a   pile   to   the   left  
of   the   board.  
2.Randomly   select   4   of   the   5  
deposit   tiles,   choose   a  
random   side   for   each,   and  
place   them   in   a   random  
order   along   the   bottom   of  
the   board.  
3.For   each   cube   shown   along  
the   top   of   the   chosen  
mineral   deposit   tiles,   place  
a   cube   of   that   type   in   the  
bottom-most   ocean   space  
directly   above   that   cube.  
4.Place   the   6   submersible   tokens   on   the   ocean   spaces   marked   with   the  
corresponding   letter   (A–F).  
5.Shuffle   the   rocket   deck   and   deal   1   card   face-up   on   each   of   the   8   rocket   spaces   on  
the   top   half   of   the   board.   Place   the   remaining   rocket   cards   back   in   the   box.  
6.Place   the   technology   cards   in   a   pile   near   the   board   to   form   the   Technology   Deck.  
7.(Optional:   skip   for   Starter   Game)     Remove   the   Hydrodynamic   Generator   and   Water  
Treatment   Plant   colony   cards   and   place   them   under   the   left-most   and   right-most  
rocket   card.    Shuffle   the   rest   and   place   them   in   a   pile   near   the   board   to   form   the  
Colony   Deck.  
8.Place   the   Jupiter   token   on   the   right-most   space   of   the   Jupiter   track   (on   #1).  
 
   
3  

Player   setup  
1.Each   player   should   choose   a   color   and  
take   all   of   the   player   pieces   matching  
that   color.  
2.Place   4   worker   tokens   in   your   Crew  
Quarters   (or   3   tokens   for   a   4-   or   5-player  
game).   Place   the   other   worker   tokens  
near   the   main   board.  
3.Place   your   electricity   token   on   space   0   of  
your   battery   track.  
4.Place   your   VP   token   on   space   0   of   the   VP   track   on   the   main   board.  
5.Take   $3   in   money   tokens.  
 
To   determine   the   starting   player:   everyone   shout   out   the   names   of   planets   and   moons   in  
our   solar   system.   The   last   player   to   think   of   a   planet   or   moon   that   hasn’t   already   been  
said   becomes   the   starting   player.  
 
In   reverse   turn   order   (counter-clockwise),  
take   turns   placing   your   surface   vessels   on   any  
unoccupied   space   at   the   surface   of   the   ocean  
on   the   board,   and   then   take   a   resource   cube  
of   the   type   marked   “Setup”   on   the   deposit   tile  
below   them.   
 
You   will   probably   want   to    avoid   the  
right-most   2   spaces,    as   those   spaces   are  
currently   blocked   by   Jupiter   and   will   not  
receive   any   sunlight   during   the   first   round.  
Gameplay  
The   game   proceeds   for   up   to   7   rounds.   The   Jupiter   token   serves   as   a   round   marker.   It  
begins   on   the   right   edge   of   the   board   and   moves   1   space   to   the   left   each   round.  
 
Each   round   proceeds   through   3   phases:   Sunlight   Phase,   Action   Phase,   and   Cleanup   Phase.  
Sunlight   Phase  
During   the   sunlight   phase,   each   sunlight   icon   shines   on   any   surface   vessels  
immediately   below   it,   unless   it   is   blocked   by   either:   a)   the   Jupiter   token,   or   b)   a  
4  

resource   cube   in   the   atmosphere   layer.   Surface   vessels   do   not   block   sunlight   from   other  
surface   vessels.  
 
Follow   any   directions   on   your   mat,   technology,   or   colony   cards   denoted   with   a   sunlight  
icon   for   each   of   the   3   columns   (except   for   any   that   are   blocked).   This   generally   means  
you   will   receive   6   electricity   during   this   phase,   and   would   advance   your   electricity   token  
6   spaces   on   your   battery   track   (up   to   a   maximum   of   9).  
Diesel   Engine  
After   receiving   sunlight,   you   may   spend   a   hydrocarbon   cube   to   generate  
6   additional   electricity   (up   to   a   maximum   of   9).  
 
Instead   of   placing   the   hydrocarbon   cube   back   in   the   supply,   add   it   to   the  
atmosphere   track   in   your   vessel’s   current   location.   If   there   are   no   such  
spots   available,   you   cannot   use   the   Diesel   Engine   action.  
Action   Phase  
This   is   the   phase   where   all   player   actions   are   taken.   Beginning   with   the   player   who   has  
the   first-player   marker,   the   round   proceeds   clockwise   in   turns.   On   your   turn,   you   may  
either   place   a   worker   or   group   of   workers   on   a   single   action   space,   or   pass.   Once   you  
pass,   your   turns   are   skipped   for   the   rest   of   the   round.  
Placing   workers  
A   worker   can   be   placed   on   any   octagon   space.    These   will   typically   be   action   spaces   on  
the   main   board   or   colony   cards.  
 
Placing   a   worker   has   an   immediate   effect.   A   red   box   (-)   indicates   a   cost   to   place   and   a  
green   box   (+)   indicates   the   benefit   of   placing.   You   must   be   able   to   pay   the   cost   to   place  
the   worker.   Workers   are   reclaimed   at   the   end   of   each   round   (unless   otherwise   noted).  
 
Spaces   marked   with   a   multiple-octagon   icon   mean   that   any   number   of   workers  
can   be   placed   there   over   the   course   of   a   round.    You   can   place   1   worker   per   turn,  
and   each   worker   placed   performs   the   action.  
 
Spaces   marked   with   a   single   octagon   icon   can   only   hold   workers   from   a   single  
player   at   once.   If   another   player   has   already   performed   this   action   during   this  
round,   you   must   place   1   more   worker   than   them   to   bump   them   and   perform   the  
action.   Remove   the   other   player’s   worker(s)   and   return   them   to   their   player   board.   Their  
workers   can   be   used   again   during   subsequent   turns   in   this   round.   You   may   bump   your  
own   pieces   following   these   same   rules   to   reuse   an   action   space   during   the   same   round.  
5  

 
If   an   action   space   has   an   arrow   inside   it,   you   may   immediately   take   another   turn   after  
completing   this   action.  
 
The   board   action   spaces   are   described   in   more   detail   in   the    Board   actions    section.  
Moving   your   surface   vessel  
At   any   time   during   your   turn,   you   may   move   you   surface   vessel   any   number   of   spaces  
horizontally.   However,   the   surface   of   the   water   must   be   at   the   same   level   to   move  
between   adjacent   spaces.  
 
2   or   more   surface   vehicles   can   occupy   the   same   space.  
Using   Colony   Cards  
There   are   three   basic   actions   printed   on   the   game   board:    Basic   Income,   Hire   a   Worker,  
and   Special   Election.    Lineae   also   contains   an   optional   deck   of   colony   cards   which  
provide   additional   actions   that   become   available   throughout   the   game.    After   each   rocket  
launches,   it   may   be   replaced   with   a   colony   card   which   can   be   used   or   which   grants  
additional   benefits   to   the   player   or   players   whose   surface   vessel   is   located   below   each  
card.  
 
Each   colony   card   has   a   priority   number   and   at   the   end   of   the   2nd,   4th,   and   6th   round   the  
lowest   numbered   cards   will   be   “promoted”   from   the   rocket   row   --   where   they   can   only  
be   used   by   players   in   a   specific   location   --   up   to   the   Europa   City   row   to   replace   one   of   the  
basic   actions.    Colony   cards   that   have   been   promoted   in   this   way   can   be   used   regardless  
of   the   player’s   location.  
Cleanup   Phase  
After   all   players   have   passed,   check   the   game   end   conditions:  
●Have   all   8   rockets   have   been   launched?  
●Was   this   the   7th   round   (i.e.   Jupiter   was   on   the   leftmost   space   during   this   round)?  
 
If   either   condition   is   true,   the   game   is   over.   Proceed   with   the    Game   End    section   for  
details.   Otherwise,   the   cleanup   phase   is   performed   to   get   the   board   ready   for   the   next  
round.  
 
During   the   cleanup   phase,   perform   these   tasks   in   order:  
1 .Advance   Jupiter :   Slide   the   Jupiter   marker   1   space   to   the   left.  
2 .Dissolve   Minerals :   For   every   mineral   column   above   a   mineral   deposit   tile,   place  
a   resource   cube   of   the   specified   type   on   the   first   empty   space   above   the   deposit  
6  
tile.   Skip   past   spaces   that   already   have   a   resource   cube   or   that   contain   a  
submersible   (i.e.   place   the   cube   on   the   space   above   them).   If   all   spaces   in   a  
column   are   full,   no   cubes   are   placed   for   that   column.  
3 .Reset   Workers :   All   players   retrieve   their   workers   from   the   board   and   place   them  
back   on   their   player   boards.  
4 .Promote   Colony   Building    (rounds   2/4/6   only):   Move   the   revealed   colony   card  
with   the   lowest   number   over   the   basic   action   in   Europa   City   that   matches   the  
round   indicated.    That   basic   action   is   no   longer   available.   Replace   that   colony   card  
with   a   new   one   from   the   Colony   Deck.    If   no   colony   cards   had   been   revealed,  
promote   the   top   card   of   the   Colony   Deck.  
Game   End  
The   game   ends   at   the   end   of   the   7th   round,   or   at   the   end   of   a   round   where   all   8   rockets  
have   been   launched.   Add   up   the   VP   from   each   of   your   technology   cards   (denoted   with   a  
purple   star)   and   add   them   to   your   score.  
 
Finally,   you   may   convert   your   remaining   resources   to   VP   as   follows:  
●Each   $5   is   worth   1   VP.  
●Each   pair   of   resource   cubes   of   the   same   type   is   worth   1   VP.   You   may   use  
immediate   effects   from   your   technology   cards   when   converting   resources   to   VP.  
 
The   player   with   the   most   VP   wins!    In   the   event   of   a   tie,   the   player   who   launched   the  
most   rockets   is   the   winner.  
Solo   variant  
Play   as   usual,   but   try   to   launch   all   8   rockets   by   yourself   before   the   7th   round   ends.   Keep  
track   of   your   score   and   try   to   beat   it   next   time   you   play.  
   
7  
Board   actions  
Universal   Basic   Income  
Place   a   worker   here   and   take   $2.   Any   number   of   tokens   can   be   placed   in  
this   spot   each   round.   Players   may   immediately   place   another   worker   after  
placing   a   worker   in   this   spot.  
Hire   a   Worker  
Place   a   worker   here   to   recruit   another   worker.   Pay   $4   to   recruit   your   4th  
worker,   $5   to   recruit   your   5th   worker,   $6   for   your   6th   worker,   etc.   Take   a  
new   worker   from   the   supply   and   place   it   on   this   spot.   Retrieve   it   along  
with   your   other   workers   at   the   end   of   the   round.  
 
If   you   have   no   more   workers   in   the   supply,   you   may   remove   a   worker  
from   one   of   the   excavation   tracks.   Recruited   workers   can   no   longer   be  
placed   on   excavation   tracks.  
Special   Election  
Place   a   worker   here   to   take   the   First   Player   marker.   If   another   player   has  
already   placed   a   worker   in   this   spot   during   this   round,   you   can   bump  
them   by   placing   1   more   worker   than   they   did.   If   you   do,   take   the   First  
Player   marker   from   them.  
Launch   Pad  
Place   a   worker   here   to   load   1   or   more   resource   cubes   from   your   cargo   bay  
onto   the   rocket   card   at   the   same   location   as   your   surface   vessel.   Each  
cube   placed   on   the   card   must   match   the   spot   that   it   covers.   Earn   1   VP   for  
the   first   cube,   2   VP   for   the   second   cube,   and   3   VP   for   each   subsequent  
cube   loaded   in   the   same   turn.   Loaded   cubes   stay   on   the   rocket   card   until  
all   spaces   have   been   filled.  
Launching   a   Rock et  
If   you   loaded   a   cube   onto   the   last   spot   on   a   card,   you   have   launched   the   rocket.   Return   its  
cubes   to   the   supply   and   keep   the   card   (it   is   a   tiebreaker).  
 
As   a   bonus   for   launching   the   rocket,   choose   any   remaining   card   from   the   Technology  
Deck.   Players   are   limited   to   2   technology   cards.    If   you   already   have   2   technology   cards,  
you   may   take   a   new   one   but   must   put   one   back   in   the   deck.  
 
8  

Unless   you   are   playing   the   Starter   Game,   replace   the   rocket   card   with   the   top   card   off   of  
the   Colony   Deck.    This   colony   card   is   now   available   for   use   by   any   player   whose   surface  
vessel   is   at   the   space   below   it.    If   there   are   no   cards   remaining   in   the   Colony   Deck,   simply  
leave   the   rocket   space   empty.  
Submersibles  
There   are   6   shared   submersible   vehicles   which   can   be   moved   around   under   the   surface  
of   the   water   and   which   can   pick-up   and   carry   around   mineral   cubes.   Players   can   move   a  
submersible   by   placing   a   worker   on   the   submersible   action   space.    You   may   move   the  
submersible   1   space   for   free,   but   must   then   pay   1   electricity   per   additional   space   moved.  
Submersibles   cannot   move   diagonally,   but   can   move   through   locks   and   across   gaps.  
 
Every   time   a   submersible   moves   into   a   space   containing   a   resource   cube   and   if   there   is  
room   in   the   submersible’s   hold,   you   may   move   the   cube   to   its   hold   and   take   $1.   A  
submersible   cannot   end   its   movement   on   a   space   occupied   by   a   cube   or   another  
submersible.  
 
If   a   submersible   is   at   the   surface   of   the   water   and  
your   surface   vessel   is   above   it,   you   may   dock   with  
the   submersible.   Pay   $1   per   cube   to   remove   any  
number   of   resource   cubes   from   the   submersible  
and   move   them   to   your   own   cargo   bay.   Docking  
with   a   submersible   ends   your   turn.    You   cannot  
move   the   submersible   additional   spaces   after  
docking   during   this   turn   (but   may   bump   your  
worker   to   move   the   same   submersible   again   during   your   next   turn).  
 
If   a   submersible   is   at   the   ocean   floor,   you   may   excavate   the   mineral   deposit   below   it.  
Move   a   resource   cube   of   the   type   indicated   on   the   mineral   deposit   tile   onto   the  
submersible’s   hold.   You   may   not   excavate   the   same   tile   more   than   once   per   turn.   If   you  
have   a   worker   on   this   deposit’s   excavation   track   already,   advance   it   1   space   and   take   the  
bonus   specified   (1   VP;   1   VP   and   move   a   cube   of   your   choice   from   the   supply   to   your  
cargo   bay;   2   VP;   1   VP   and   a   technology   card;   and   finally  
3   VP).   If   not,   place   1   of   your   workers    from   the   supply  
on   the   leftmost   space   on   the   track   and   earn   1   VP.   If   you  
have   no   more   workers   in   the   supply,   you   can   still  
perform   the   excavation   but   do   not   receive   the   bonus.  
The   last   space   on   each   track   can   only   be   occupied   by  
one   player.  
 
 
 
9  

 
Locks  
There   are   4   locks   distributed   through   the   ocean.   Each   has   an   action   space.  
 
Place   a   worker   in   one   of   these   spaces   to   toggle   the   lock   (i.e.   open   if   it   is   closed,  
close   if   it   is   open).   Then   perform   the   following   procedures:  
●First,   all   other   players   have   an   opportunity   to   move   their   surface   vessel   as  
described   in    Moving   your   surface   vessel .   However,   each   player   that  
chooses   to   move   at   this   time   must   pay   you   $1   to   do   so   (as   a   toll).  
●Now,   add   or   remove   the   lock   token   to   toggle   the   lock’s   state.  
●If   the   lock   was   opened   during   this   phase,   some   water   tiles   will   now   be   able   to  
slide   to   the   right.   If   there   is   a   water-tile-sized   hole,   this   tile   will   drop   into   it   (along  
with   any   resource   cubes   on   that   tile).   Water   that   reaches   the   right   side   of   the  
board   flows   out   of   the   board   and   is   placed   back   on   the   stack   on   the   left   side.   If   any  
submersible   tokens   flowed   off   the   board,   place   them   back   on   their   starting  
location   (and   remove   any   cube   that   was   already   present   in   that   space).  
●If   the   lock   was   closed   during   this   phase,   place   a   new   water   tile   on   the   left   side   of  
the   board   and   slide   it   along   the   top   of   the   ocean   surface   to   the   right.   Again,   it   will  
drop   into   any   empty   holes.   Continue   until   no   holes   remain.  
 
You   may   immediately   place   another   worker   after   placing   a   worker   in   this   spot.  
   
10  

Sample   Turn   #1  
It   is   the   blue   player’s   turn   in   round   1.   They   place   1   of   their  
workers   on   the   action   space   to   take   control   of   the   E  
submersible,   which   begins   at   the   ocean   floor   above   the   silica  
deposit   tile.  
 
They   then   spend   5   electricity   to   move   the   submersible   as  
follows:  
1 .Down   one   space.    This   movement   is   free   and   does   not  
cost   electricity.  
2.Excavates   the   silica   deposit   tile,   which   moves   a   silica  
cube   into   submersible   E’s   hold.   This   also   places   a  
worker   token   from   the   supply   onto   the   first   space   on  
the   excavation   track   and   gives   them   1   VP.  
3.Moves   the   submersible   1   space   to   the   left,   onto   a   space  
occupied   by   a   hydrocarbon   cube.   This   hydrocarbon  
cube   moves   to   E’s   hold   and   gives   the   player   $1.  
4.Moves   the   submersible   another   space   to   the   left,   onto   a  
space   occupied   by   a   sulfur   cube.    This   sulfur   cube  
moves   to   E’s   hold   and   gives   the   player   another   $1.  
5.Moves   the   submersible   up   3   spaces,   until   it   reaches   the  
surface   of   the   water.  
6.Docks   with   the   player’s   surface   vessel,   which   needs   to   move   left   to   be   above   the  
submersible.   This   movement   is   allowed   because   the   water   is   at   the   same   level.  
 
During   docking,   the   blue   player   decides   to   purchase   the   hydrocarbon   and   sulfur   cubes  
from   submersible   E’s   hold   for   $1   each.   These   are   removed   from   E’s   hold   and   moved   to  
their   cargo   bay.    The   silica   cube   is   left   on   the   submersible.  
 
The   blue   player   spent   1   worker   and   5   electricity   and   earned   1   VP,   a   sulfur   and   a  
hydrocarbon   cube.   Docking   with   the   submersible   ends   the   player’s   turn   even   if   they   had  
additional   electricity   they   wanted   to   spend.  
 
Another   player   may   take   control   of   submersible   E   during   this   round   by   placing   2   of   their  
workers   to   bump   the   blue   player’s   1   worker.   That   player   could   dock   with   E   to   purchase  
any   remaining   cubes   and/or   move   it   to   pick   up   more   cubes.   Workers   reset   between  
rounds,   so   control   of   submersible   E   will   be   up   for   grabs   by   any   player   next   round.  
   
11  

Sample   Turn   #2  
It   is   the   blue   player’s   turn   again   in   round   3.    They   have   the   2  
iron   cubes   and   1   silica   cube   that   are   necessary   to   complete  
the   “Jovian   Semiconductor”   rocket   and   would   like   to   do   so.  
 
Unfortunately   they   cannot   move   from   their   current   location  
to   the   location   of   that   rocket   as   the   water’s   surface   is   not   at  
the   same   level.  
 
To   get   there,   they   first   place   1   of   their   workers   on   the   action  
space   below   the   lock   immediately   to   their   right.    After  
offering   other   players   a   chance   to   move,   they   remove   this  
lock   token   and   slide   all   of   the   water   tiles   that   are   no   longer  
locked   in   place   to   the   right.   In   this   case   they   will   flow   off   the  
board   on   the   far   right   side.    The   A   submersible   will   also   flow  
off   the   board   and   be   placed   back   in   its   original   location   as  
marked   on   the   board.  
 
Because   the   lock   action   spaces   have   an   arrow   on   them,   this  
indicates   that   the   blue   player   can  
immediately   take   a   second   turn.  
 
For   their   second   turn,   the   blue   player   moves   their   surface  
vessel   to   the   location   of   the   Jovian   Semiconductors   rocket   and  
places   1   worker   token   on   the   Launch   Pad.    They   place   2   iron  
and   1   silica   cube   from   their   cargo   hold   on   the   rocket,   and  
earn   6   VP   for   placing   3   cubes   as   indicated   on   the   Launch   Pad  
space.  
 
Because   the   rocket   is   now   filled,   they   will   remove   the   cubes  
from   it   and   place   them   back   in   the   supply.    They   keep   the  
rocket   card   (face   down)   as   a   tiebreaker.    As   a   bonus   for  
launching   the   rocket,   they   can   choose   any   card   from   the  
Technology   Deck.  
 
Finally,   since   we   are   not   playing   the   Starter   Game,   the   player  
will   take   the   top   card   off   the   Colony   Deck   and   place   it   in   the  
space   left   behind   by   the   rocket.  
12  

Reference  
Technology   Cards  
 
Colony   Cards  
 
Optional   Modules  
●Biogenesis :   adds   a   sixth   resource   cube   type   representing   algae,   which   spawn   at  
the   surface   during   the   Sunlight   Phase.    Additional   cards   are   provided   to   breed  
algae,   convert   it   into   hydrocarbon,   and   mix   it   with   salt   to   super-charges   workers.  
●Reactor   Core :   includes   a   rondel   with   resource   cubes   which   can   be   used   to  
borrow   resources   and   convert   resources   into   other   resources   using   electricity.  
13  

